Vamag, a dark servants city in a coastal forest. Region: Far Harad. Decks: The Deceiver.
Freawul, a dunlending mountain city. Region: The White Mountains. Decks: The White Hand, Saruman Multicoloured.
Nin-in-eilph, a swamp camp in the Gwaithlo. Region: Dunland. Decks: Thee White Hand, Saruman Multicoloured.
Stowburg, a rohirrim village. Region: Rohan. Decks: Stormcrow, Saruman the White.
Aldburg, a rohirrim village. Region: Rohan. Decks: Stormcrow, Saruman the White.
Ursh Lanna, a village from the Rhun Easterlings. Region: Dagorlad. Decks: Saruman Multicoloured, Shadow of the East.
Tharbad, a big ruined dunedain city on river with a huge broken bridge. Region: Cardolan. Decks: Disturber of the peace, Sharkey, The Iron Crown.
Nin-in-eilph, a camp in a swamp on a river. Region: Dunland. Decks: Saruman the White Hand, Saruman Multicoloured.
Galabrynd, an elven mountain forest fortress. Region: Mountains of Mirkwood. Decks: Mithrandir.
Mistrand, a rhun easterling settlement. Region: Rhun. Decks: Saruman Multicoloured, Shadow of the East.
Caldur, an Umbarean port. Region: Umbar. Decks: Saruman Multicoloured, The Deceiver.
Ardumir, an Umbarean port. RRegion: Umbar. Decks: Saruman Multicoloured, The Deceiver.
Fanuilond, a South Gondorian settlement. Region: South Gondor. Decks: Gandalf the White.
Rendul, a South Gondorian settlement: Region: Anfalas. Decks: Stormcrow, Gandalf the White.
Tarmabar, a dunadan ranger settlement in Arthedain. Region: Arthedain. Decks: Stormcrow.
Nanduhirion, an elven lookup camp in Lothlorien. Region: Lothlorien. Decks: Mithrandir.
The Angle, a dunadan ranger look camp in the forest and river. Region: Rivendell. Decks: Stormcrow, Mithrandir.
The Trollshaws, a forest with three stone trolls turned into stone. Region: Rhudaur. Decks: The Iron Crown.
The Ettenmoors, a foggy moors / hill terrain. Region: Angmar. Decks: The Iron Crown.
Lag-lithlad, a lookout orcish tower in Udun near the Mt. Doom. Region: Udun. Decks: The Dark Eye.
Malborn High, a star looking tower in the North Downs, now in ruins. Region. The North Downs. Decks: The Iron Crown, Stormcrow.
Ost-in-Edhil, a ruined elven city next to a river, now with dunlending bandits. Region: Eregion. Decks: Saruman the Multicoloured.
Seregost
Minas Durlith